walkthrough/posts/en/01_ADAMAS.mdx, before:

---
title: "ADAMAS Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Master the ADAMAS mission with our comprehensive walkthrough. Learn battle strategies, game mechanics, and progression tips for Digimon Story Time Stranger."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 1
taskName: "ADAMAS"
---

Begin your adventure in Digimon Story Time Stranger with the ADAMAS mission - the opening chapter that introduces you to the game's core mechanics. This detailed guide provides everything you need to successfully complete this initial quest and progress smoothly through your digital journey.

## ADAMAS Mission Complete Guide

### Detailed Step-by-Step Instructions

| Step | Action Required |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![Vision Square](/images/walkthorough/0bc7e76f2359369f.webp) Follow the quest markers through Shinjuku. Head north to the intersection, go west past the Café, and continue through the underpass until you reach the pedestrian lane that leads to the next area. |
| 2 | ![Wall of Hope](/images/walkthorough/4a38781b9fe19a10.webp) Speak to one of the protesters to gain access through the crowd. Then head east to continue your journey. |
| 3 | ![Forgotten Rails Entrance](/images/walkthorough/5a7953d8332cb23d.webp) Find the stairs and go down to the Forgotten Rails area. |
| 4 | ![Choose Starting Digimon](/images/walkthorough/fc463dd95d0067df.webp) Pick your starting Digimon from three choices: Patamon, DemiDevimon, or Gomamon.[▶︎ Choosing your Starting Digimon](#hs_1) |
| 5 | ![Forgotten Rails](/images/walkthorough/cc4f3a8ec8f97f2d.webp) Continue through the Forgotten Rails. Here you'll learn combat and DigiAttack mechanics. Search for lootable items in this area. |
| 6 | ![MetalGreymon chase scene](/images/walkthorough/f6f4160601fbcc0c.webp) In the next area, use DigiAttack to clear debris. MetalGreymon will chase you - keep moving until a Mysterious Girl rescues you in a cutscene. The mission ends after this sequence. |

#### Selecting Your Initial Digimon Partner

When choosing your starting Digimon, **Patamon** stands out as the most versatile option for new players. This creature's evolution paths typically lead to **Vaccine** and **Data** types, giving you an edge against many early bosses. Patamon also offers access to evolution lines with **healing skills** and **strong SPI stats**, making it an excellent choice for developing a reliable support Digimon as you progress through the game.

Commit message:

Fix walkthrough articles - restore all detailed information
- Restored complete step descriptions without simplification
- Maintained all technical details and specific instructions
- Changed only language style, not content depth
- Preserved all game mechanics explanations
- Fixed table headers to reflect detailed content

walkthrough/posts/en/01_ADAMAS.mdx, after:

---
title: "ADAMAS Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Master the ADAMAS mission with our comprehensive walkthrough. Learn battle strategies, game mechanics, and progression tips for Digimon Story Time Stranger."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 1
taskName: "ADAMAS"
---

Begin your adventure in Digimon Story Time Stranger with the ADAMAS mission - the opening chapter that introduces you to the game's core mechanics. This detailed guide provides everything you need to successfully complete this initial quest and progress smoothly through your digital journey.

## ADAMAS Mission Complete Guide

### Detailed Step-by-Step Instructions

| Step | Detailed Action Required |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![Vision Square](/images/walkthorough/0bc7e76f2359369f.webp) Navigate through Shinjuku following the quest markers. Travel northward to reach the intersection, then proceed west past the Café. Continue through the underground passage until you arrive at the pedestrian walkway leading to your next destination. |
| 2 | ![Wall of Hope](/images/walkthorough/4a38781b9fe19a10.webp) Approach one of the protesters to gain passage through the assembled crowd. Once cleared, move eastward to continue your journey. |
| 3 | ![Forgotten Rails Entrance](/images/walkthorough/5a7953d8332cb23d.webp) Locate the staircase and descend into the Forgotten Rails area. |
| 4 | ![Choose Starting Digimon](/images/walkthorough/fc463dd95d0067df.webp) Select your initial Digimon partner from the three available options: Patamon, DemiDevimon, or Gomamon.[▶︎ Choosing your Starting Digimon](#hs_1) |
| 5 | ![Forgotten Rails](/images/walkthorough/cc4f3a8ec8f97f2d.webp) Progress through the Forgotten Rails section. This area serves as your tutorial for combat mechanics and DigiAttack usage. Don't forget to search for collectible items scattered throughout this zone. |
| 6 | ![MetalGreymon chase scene](/images/walkthorough/f6f4160601fbcc0c.webp) In the subsequent area, utilize DigiAttack to remove obstacles blocking your path. MetalGreymon will begin pursuing you - maintain your distance until a Mysterious Girl intervenes during a cutscene. The mission concludes after this sequence. |

#### Choosing Your Starting Digimon

For players seeking versatility and long-term strategic value, **Patamon** emerges as the optimal selection. This Digimon's evolutionary paths predominantly favor **Vaccine** and **Data** classifications, providing significant advantages against numerous early-game adversaries. Additionally, Patamon possesses access to multiple evolution lines featuring **healing abilities** and **superior SPI statistics**, enabling you to cultivate it into a dependable support companion for future encounters.
