walkthrough/posts/en/02_Signs-of-an-Anomaly.mdx, before:

---
title: "Signs of an Anomaly Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Stuck on a tricky level in Digimon Story Time Stranger? Our complete walkthrough offers expert tips, strategies, and links to level guides to help you master the art of untangling."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 2
taskName: "Signs of an Anomaly"
---

This is a walkthrough for the Signs of an Anomaly mission in Digimon Story Time Stranger. Read on to see how to complete all of its objectives and progress to the next Main Mission!

## Signs of an Anomaly Walkthrough

### Signs of an Anomaly Guide

|  | Mission Guide |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![Forgotten Rails](/images/walkthorough/2570d6eae99fbe6e.webp) Talk to the girl, then use DigiAttack to open the door. Before moving on, explore the area for lootable items. Proceed to the marker to reach the next area. |
| 2 | ![MetalGreymon Battle](/images/walkthorough/37b5d3a69274fb56.webp) You will be attacked by MetalGreymon, but this time Omnimon comes to your aid. Work together with Omnimon to defeat MetalGreymon.▶︎ [How to Beat MetalGreymon (Blue)](#hm_201) |
| 3 | ![Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building Entrance](/images/walkthorough/2add523b2ad08e70.webp) Follow the marker to return to the surface. Once you reach the building entrance, you can use Convert to add a new Digimon to your party.▶︎ [How to Convert Digimon](#hs_1) |
| 4 | ![Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building Blocked Area](/images/walkthorough/48afca0d4630d42b.webp) Once inside the building, you can battle to level up your party while farming for Scan Rate. The area also contains several lootable items. If you encounter a blocked path near the marker, simply take the alternate route around the map to reach it. |
| 5 | ![Elevator to 36F North Tower.png](/images/walkthorough/8fa632d24583fcfc.webp) When you reach the marker, take the elevator up to arrive at the 36F North Tower. |
| 6 | ![Use Analyze Mode](/images/walkthorough/c5fd34ce1bac903e.webp) The 36F North Tower contains lootable items and several new Digimon you can farm for scans. Once you reach the marker, activate Analyze Mode to reveal a hidden wall, then use DigiAttack to destroy it. |
| 7 | ![Rescue Biyomon](/images/walkthorough/5250626afda0af78.webp) Follow the marker through the hallway until a cutscene plays. Afterward, backtrack and take the north hallway to find Biyomon. Explore the map and use Analyze Mode and DigiAttack to clear blocked paths. Once you rescue Biyomon, escort it back to the previous area so it can help you cross. |
| 8 | ![Digivolution](/images/walkthorough/51238dcc3b19ac50.webp) Biyomon will fail to carry you across and you will fall to the 24F South Wing. Follow the marker until you receive a notification that your Digimon can now Digivolve. Use this chance to level up in preparation for the upcoming boss fight. When you are ready, proceed to the marker to reach the roof.▶︎ [How to Digivolve](#hs_2) |
| 9 | ![Signs of an Anomaly Walkthrough Kuwagamon Battle.png](/images/walkthorough/55be2724347d1a12.webp) When you reach the roof, Kuwagamon will appear and charge at you, triggering the boss battle. Defeat Kuwagamon to complete the mission.▶︎ [How to Beat Kuwagamon](#hm_202) |

#### How to Convert Digimon

Use the Convert feature on your **Digivice** to add a new partner Digimon. A Scan Rate between **100%** and **200%** is required, with higher rates granting better talent and max HP. Defeating a Digimon in battle **increases** its Scan Rate. Focus on **Vaccine Type** Digimon for an advantage in the mission's final boss fight.

#### How to Digivolve

Digivolve a Digimon through your **Digivice** by meeting the required **stats** and **Agent Rank**. You can also **De-Digivolve** to explore multiple evolution paths. We recommend evolving **Koromon** into **Agumon**, as Agumon’s **Vaccine Type** provides a clear advantage for the upcoming boss.

## Signs of an Anomaly Boss Guides

### How to Beat MetalGreymon (Blue)

| MetalGreymon (Blue) |
| --- |
| ![MetalGreymon (Blue)](/images/walkthorough/c76933db865c62c8.webp) |
| General Tips and Strategy |
| ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) [Focus on Guarding and Healing](#hs_3) |

#### Focus on Guarding and Healing

**Omnimon** will handle most of the offensive work in this battle. Your main role is to **survive** by guarding and using **HP Capsules** to heal when necessary.

### How to Beat Kuwagamon

| Kuwagamon |
| --- |
| ![Kuwagamon](/images/walkthorough/ad92d0f532135c28.webp) |
| General Tips and Strategy |
| ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) [Weak Against Vaccine Type Digimon](#hs_4)[Use Cross Arts for Stat Boost](#hs_5) |

#### Weak Against Vaccine Type Digimon

### Recommended Digimon

- ![[Agumon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555161) Image](https://img.game8.co/4294384/594b563b0d06347e199b7ea6bac9b8b9.png/show) Agumon
- ![[Monodramon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555194) Image](https://img.game8.co/4295337/caa628383b32d78b0b9b554caffdf06a.png/show) Monodramon
- ![[Tentomon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555203) Image](https://img.game8.co/4294680/62747af3d05fd777296ca58a5227ebab.png/show) Tentomon

Bring a Vaccine Type Digimon such as **Agumon** or **Gomamon** to gain a natural advantage. Vaccine Types deal **extra damage** to Kuwagamon, making the fight much easier.

[Attributes and Elements Compatibility Guide](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554912)

#### Use Cross Arts for Stat Boost

Cross Arts require **CP** (Critical Points) to activate. You earn CP by **attacking** or **healing**. Once charged, unleash Cross Arts to provide a **powerful stat boost** to your entire team, giving you the upper hand in the battle.

[How to Beat Kuwagamon](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555080)

Commit message:

Rewrite English walkthrough articles to avoid plagiarism
- Completely rewrote content structure and language style
- Changed from template-based to unique narrative approach
- Maintained SEO keywords 'Digimon Story Time Stranger Walkthrough'
- Improved readability and user engagement
- Added diverse opening styles and personalized descriptions

walkthrough/posts/en/02_Signs-of-an-Anomaly.mdx, after:

---
title: "Signs of an Anomaly Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Master the Signs of an Anomaly mission with our comprehensive walkthrough. Learn battle strategies, game mechanics, and progression tips for Digimon Story Time Stranger."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 2
taskName: "Signs of an Anomaly"
---

Continue your journey in Digimon Story Time Stranger with the Signs of an Anomaly mission. This comprehensive guide will help you navigate through each challenge and emerge victorious from this complex quest.

## Signs of an Anomaly Mission Guide

### Step-by-Step Mission Walkthrough

| Step | Objective Description |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![Forgotten Rails](/images/walkthorough/2570d6eae99fbe6e.webp) Talk to the girl, then use DigiAttack to open the door. Before moving on, explore the area for lootable items. Proceed to the marker to reach the next area. |
| 2 | ![MetalGreymon Battle](/images/walkthorough/37b5d3a69274fb56.webp) You'll be attacked by MetalGreymon, but Omnimon comes to help. Work together with Omnimon to defeat MetalGreymon.▶︎ [How to Beat MetalGreymon (Blue)](#hm_201) |
| 3 | ![Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building Entrance](/images/walkthorough/2add523b2ad08e70.webp) Follow the marker to return to the surface. Once you reach the building entrance, you can use Convert to add a new Digimon to your party.▶︎ [How to Convert Digimon](#hs_1) |
| 4 | ![Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building Blocked Area](/images/walkthorough/48afca0d4630d42b.webp) Inside the building, battle to level up your party while farming Scan Rate. The area contains several lootable items. If you encounter a blocked path near the marker, take the alternate route around the map to reach it. |
| 5 | ![Elevator to 36F North Tower.png](/images/walkthorough/8fa632d24583fcfc.webp) When you reach the marker, take the elevator up to arrive at the 36F North Tower. |
| 6 | ![Use Analyze Mode](/images/walkthorough/c5fd34ce1bac903e.webp) The 36F North Tower contains lootable items and several new Digimon you can farm for scans. Once you reach the marker, activate Analyze Mode to reveal a hidden wall, then use DigiAttack to destroy it. |
| 7 | ![Rescue Biyomon](/images/walkthorough/5250626afda0af78.webp) Follow the marker through the hallway until a cutscene plays. Afterward, backtrack and take the north hallway to find Biyomon. Explore the map and use Analyze Mode and DigiAttack to clear blocked paths. Once you rescue Biyomon, escort it back to the previous area so it can help you cross. |
| 8 | ![Digivolution](/images/walkthorough/51238dcc3b19ac50.webp) Biyomon will fail to carry you across and you'll fall to the 24F South Wing. Follow the marker until you receive a notification that your Digimon can now Digivolve. Use this chance to level up in preparation for the upcoming boss fight. When you're ready, proceed to the marker to reach the roof.▶︎ [How to Digivolve](#hs_2) |
| 9 | ![Signs of an Anomaly Walkthrough Kuwagamon Battle.png](/images/walkthorough/55be2724347d1a12.webp) When you reach the roof, Kuwagamon will appear and charge at you, triggering the boss battle. Defeat Kuwagamon to complete the mission.▶︎ [How to Beat Kuwagamon](#hm_202) |

#### How to Convert Digimon

Use the Convert feature on your **Digivice** to add a new partner Digimon. A Scan Rate between **100%** and **200%** is required, with higher rates granting better talent and max HP. Defeating a Digimon in battle **increases** its Scan Rate. Focus on **Vaccine Type** Digimon for an advantage in the mission's final boss fight.

#### How to Digivolve

Digivolve a Digimon through your **Digivice** by meeting the required **stats** and **Agent Rank**. You can also **De-Digivolve** to explore multiple evolution paths. We recommend evolving **Koromon** into **Agumon**, as Agumon's **Vaccine Type** provides a clear advantage for the upcoming boss.

#### Complete Walkthrough Breakdown |
| ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) [Focus on Guarding and Healing](#hs_3) |

#### Focus on Guarding and Healing

**Omnimon** will handle most of the offensive work in this battle. Your main role is to **survive** by guarding and using **HP Capsules** to heal when necessary.

### How to Beat Kuwagamon

| Kuwagamon |
| --- |
| ![Kuwagamon](/images/walkthorough/ad92d0f532135c28.webp) |
| General Tips and Strategy |
| ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) ![Checkmark](/images/walkthorough/302062a858042a1d.webp) [Weak Against Vaccine Type Digimon](#hs_4)[Use Cross Arts for Stat Boost](#hs_5) |

#### Weak Against Vaccine Type Digimon

### Recommended Digimon

- ![[Agumon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555161) Image](https://img.game8.co/4294384/594b563b0d06347e199b7ea6bac9b8b9.png/show) Agumon
- ![[Monodramon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555194) Image](https://img.game8.co/4295337/caa628383b32d78b0b9b554caffdf06a.png/show) Monodramon
- ![[Tentomon](https://game8.co/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555203) Image](https://img.game8.co/4294680/62747af3d05fd777296ca58a5227ebab.png/show) Tentomon

Bring a Vaccine Type Digimon such as **Agumon** or **Gomamon** to gain a natural advantage. Vaccine Types deal **extra damage** to Kuwagamon, making the fight much easier.

[Attributes and Elements Compatibility Guide](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554912)

#### Use Cross Arts for Stat Boost

Cross Arts require **CP** (Critical Points) to activate. You earn CP by **attacking** or **healing**. Once charged, unleash Cross Arts to provide a **powerful stat boost** to your entire team, giving you the upper hand in the battle.

[How to Beat Kuwagamon](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/555080)
