walkthrough/posts/en/05_The-Time-Stranger.mdx, before:

---
title: "The Time Stranger Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Master the The Time Stranger mission with our comprehensive walkthrough. Learn battle strategies, game mechanics, and progression tips for Digimon Story Time Stranger."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 5
taskName: "The Time Stranger"
---

Unlock new possibilities in Digimon Story Time Stranger with The Time Stranger mission. Our detailed walkthrough will help you master advanced game mechanics and unlock essential features for your journey!

## The Time Stranger Walkthrough Strategy

### Complete Walkthrough Guide

|  | Mission Guide |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![The Time Stranger Step 1](/images/walkthorough/d341f692d59ef992.webp) After waking up, go down to the living room and speak with Inori. |
| 2 | ![The Time Stranger Step 2](/images/walkthorough/d3910fe29ef9c768.webp) Head over to the office of Inori's dad. Upon exiting the Misono Home, you just need to go down a few steps of stairs to find the entrance to the office on your right. |
| 3 | ![The Time Stranger Step 3](/images/walkthorough/3884d657df2c5abb.webp) After speaking to Kosuke Misono, follow the quest marker and go to Shinjuku Station: Jubancho Intersection. Take the stairs down to the underground station and head to the marked location. |
| 4 | ![The Time Stranger Step 4](/images/walkthorough/7cff1e54546ab51a.webp) Leave the underground station and follow the quest marker all the way to the southeastern Taxi Stand area in Seibu-Shinjuku: Overbridge Intersection. |
| 5 | ![The Time Stranger Step 5](/images/walkthorough/b04b2c34c9d4c367.webp) Continue following the quest marker to reach the marked location in Shinjuku Park: Waterfall Plaza. |
| 6 | ![The Time Stranger Step 6](/images/walkthorough/34561f2fcbc59e91.webp) Go to Shinjuku: A Certain Back Alley and look for the bright light in the highlighted location. Interact with it to enter the In-Between Theater. |
| 7 | ![The Time Stranger Step 7](/images/walkthorough/0101c474f7f7450b.webp) Speak with the purple-haired receptionist at the west side of the area. You'll unlock the Digifarm, which allows you to passively farm EXP and Materials.▶︎ [Digifarm Guide](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554989) |
| 8 | ![The Time Stranger Step 8](/images/walkthorough/dcd674c7418948e4.webp) After leaving the In-Between Theater, you'll be prompted to return to the attic at the Misono Household. Check out the clothes rack to change your Costume and end the day!▶︎ [List of Costumes](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554926) |

Commit message:

Rewrite articles 04-05 with detailed content preservation
- Article 04: Reunions Bring Trouble - Complete rewrite with all details
- Article 05: The Time Stranger - Full content preservation
- Changed only language style, maintained all technical information
- Enhanced boss strategies and mission descriptions
- Preserved all game mechanics and specific instructions

walkthrough/posts/en/05_The-Time-Stranger.mdx, after:

---
title: "The Time Stranger Walkthrough | Digimon Story Time Stranger"
description: "Master the The Time Stranger mission with our comprehensive walkthrough. Learn battle strategies, game mechanics, and progression tips for Digimon Story Time Stranger."
date: "2025-07-22"
tags: ["Digimon Story Time Stranger", "Game Guide", "Walkthrough", "Puzzle Games", "Mobile Games"]
taskNumber: 5
taskName: "The Time Stranger"
---

Discover the secrets of The Time Stranger mission in Digimon Story Time Stranger. This comprehensive walkthrough will guide you through unlocking crucial game features and mastering essential mechanics for your adventure.

## The Time Stranger Mission Strategy

### Detailed Mission Walkthrough

| Step | Detailed Mission Guide |
| --- | --- |
| 1 | ![The Time Stranger Step 1](/images/walkthorough/d341f692d59ef992.webp) Upon awakening, descend to the living room and engage in conversation with Inori. |
| 2 | ![The Time Stranger Step 2](/images/walkthorough/d3910fe29ef9c768.webp) Proceed to the office belonging to Inori's father. When departing from the Misono Home, simply descend a few stair steps to locate the office entrance on your right side. |
| 3 | ![The Time Stranger Step 3](/images/walkthorough/3884d657df2c5abb.webp) Following your discussion with Kosuke Misono, pursue the quest marker and travel to Shinjuku Station: Jubancho Intersection. Utilize the stairs to descend to the underground station and navigate to the designated location. |
| 4 | ![The Time Stranger Step 4](/images/walkthorough/7cff1e54546ab51a.webp) Exit the underground station and follow the quest marker continuously to the southeastern Taxi Stand area in Seibu-Shinjuku: Overbridge Intersection. |
| 5 | ![The Time Stranger Step 5](/images/walkthorough/b04b2c34c9d4c367.webp) Continue pursuing the quest marker to reach the marked location in Shinjuku Park: Waterfall Plaza. |
| 6 | ![The Time Stranger Step 6](/images/walkthorough/34561f2fcbc59e91.webp) Travel to Shinjuku: A Certain Back Alley and search for the luminous light in the highlighted area. Interact with it to gain entry into the In-Between Theater. |
| 7 | ![The Time Stranger Step 7](/images/walkthorough/0101c474f7f7450b.webp) Converse with the purple-haired receptionist positioned at the western side of the area. You will unlock the Digifarm, which enables you to passively accumulate EXP and Materials.▶︎ [Digifarm Guide](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554989) |
| 8 | ![The Time Stranger Step 8](/images/walkthorough/dcd674c7418948e4.webp) After departing from the In-Between Theater, you will be prompted to return to the attic at the Misono Household. Examine the clothes rack to modify your Costume and conclude the day!▶︎ [List of Costumes](/games/Digimon-Story-Time-Stranger/archives/554926) |
